hi everybody and welcome back to cook
and chair today on this episode we're
making up a really simple sandwich a BLT
this is really popular you can find it
in just about any restaurant and BLT
stands for bacon lettuce and tomato so
let's get started what I'm going to do
is add some bacon to a preheated pan and
of course I'm not going to use any oil
with this because Bacon's greasy enough
anyway and I'm going to pry this oh I'd
say for about four or five minutes just
until it becomes nice and crispy of
course it depends on you if you don't
want to crispy cut back the cooking time
just a little bit so I'm just going to
remove this and set it aside on a plate
line with a paper towel okay what I've
got here is some toasted white bread so
what I'm going to do is lay a few strips
of bacon over top of the bread now you
can use brown bread or your favorite
type of bread followed by a couple of
slices of large ripe tomatoes the
iceberg lettuce of course you can use
romaine or your favorite type of lettuce
then on the second piece of toast I'm
going to apply a generous layer of mayo
and if you're not a male lover you can
simply leave this off season it with
some freshly ground pepper now I'm going
to place the top on slice it in half and
you're ready to serve and there you have
it our simple but nevertheless popular
and delicious bacon tomato and lettuce
sandwich well that was our BLT as I said
super easy super delicious
give it a try head on over to cook and
share comm for more easy recipes and
don't forget to click to subscribe and
like our videos thanks for watching and
see you next time
you